Well, I think sometimes you're not going to be able to, uh, stand being
in the same room as some of the guys. There's, ah, we're in front
of the electrical plant, and in this little room, you have to shut the
door and there could be, like, maybe like, 15 guys, and they're just
waiting to get the orders for the day. And then one person you know,
let's offer the rip, you know, And then all of sudden, another
one does it, and another one does it. And you can't leave, right? You're
not. You're supposed to be in that room. And so for the rest of
that, you know, 20 minutes, you're just gagging the whole entire time.
Wanted to leave. But, you know, guys will be guys, and, uh, everyone
thinks that's funny. I didn't think it was so funny, but I saw
the humor in it.